in 1995 chuck noland
a time-obsessed systems analyst
executive
travels the world resolving productivity
problems at fedex depots
he is in a long-term relationship with
kelly frears with whom he lives
in memphis tennessee chuck's busy
schedule
often interferes with their relationship
and he is shown to be somewhat distant
emotionally
during the family christmas dinner chuck
is summoned to resolve a work
problem in malaysia flying through a
violent storm
his fedex cargo plane crashes into the
pacific ocean
chuck escapes with an inflatable life
raft
though the raft's emergency locator
transmitter is ripped off
the next day chuck in the damaged raft
washes up on an uncharted and
uninhabited island
several fedex packages also wash up on
shore
three as well as the corpse of one of
the pilots
whom chuck buries he tries to signal a
passing ship an
escape in the damaged life raft but the
incoming surf tosses chuck onto a coral
reef
injuring his leg
he is able to find sufficient food water
and shelter he opens the fedex packages
finding a number of potentially useful
items
but leaves one package with a pair of
wings painted on it
unopened while attempting to build a
fire
chuck cuts his hand in anger he throws
several
objects from the packages including a
wilson sporting goods volleyball
leaving a bloody handprint on it
he then draws a face into the smeared
blood
names the ball wilson and begins talking
to it
he continues to talk to it regularly
during the rest of his time on the
island
over four years chuck survives and has
since taken shelter inside a cave
wilson is his only companion after a
large section from a portable toilet
enclosure washes up on the island
he builds a raft using the plastic as a
sail
chuck successfully launches the raft
that he has stocked with food
water and the one unopened fedex package
after some time on the ocean a storm
damages his raft
wilson falls off the raft and floats
away since
chuck is too weak to retrieve him
soon after a passing cargo ship rescues
the barely alive
chuck
upon returning to civilization chuck
learns that he was given up for dead by
his family and friends
kelly has since married and has a child
at the airport chuck meets kelly's
husband jerry lovett
who tells him that kelly is too
overwhelmed to see him
and needs more time through a window
chuck sees jerry leading a distraught
kelly away that night chuck goes to
kelly's house and finally reunites with
her
they share a faltering conversation and
chuck
expresses regret for leaving upon
leaving they share a kiss
but knowing kelly cannot abandon her
family
they sadly part chuck recounts to a
friend his despair and isolation
on the island and his survival instinct
that resurged after a failed suicide
attempt
although sad to lose kelly all over
again after overcoming the odds to find
rescue
chuck resolves similarly to keep
breathing
and face the unknown future chuck drives
to texas to return the unopened fedex
package to its
sender finding no one at home
he leaves the package at the door with a
note saying that the package
saved his life he departs and stops at a
remote crossroads
a woman in a pickup truck stops and
gives information
about where each road leads as she
drives away
chuck notices the wing graphic painted
on her truck is similar to the one on
the parcel
he looks down each road then at the one
the woman took
and smiles movie ends in that scene
please like share and subscribe